GitHub plugin (#1261)
galaxyproject/training-material: faq.md

## How is the content licensed?

> The content of this website is [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0]({{ site.github.repository_url }}/tree/master/LICENSE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of this website is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
```

- a directory with the Dockerfile describing the details to build a container for the topic (self-study environments).

To manage changes, we use [GitHub flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) based on Pull Requests (check our [tutorial]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link topics/contributing/tutorials/create-new-tutorial-content/tutorial.md %})):

1. [Create a fork](https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/) of this repository on GitHub
2. Clone your fork of this repository to create a local copy on your computer and initialize the required submodules (`git submodule init` and `git submodule update`)
3. Create a new branch in your local copy for each significant change
4. Commit the changes in that branch
5. Push that branch to your fork on GitHub

> 6. Submit a pull request from that branch to the [master repository]({{ site.github.repository_url }})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Submit a pull request from that branch to the [original repository]({{ site.github.repository_url }})
```

12. Automatic checks of the changes are automatically checked for the right format and working links using continuous integration testing on Travis CI
13. Review of the content by several other instructors via discussions
14. After the review process, merge of the content into the main branch, starting a series of automatic steps triggered by Travis CI

> 15. Regeneration of the website and publication on [{{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }}]({{ site.url }}{{ site.baseurl }})

Reviewer: Is `{{ site.url }}` needed?
